Add PulumiTV episode with transcription (#4227)
pulumi/docs: content/webinars/getting-started-gcp-serverless-graphql/index.md

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Getting Started with Serverless GraphQL on GCP"

> meta_desc: "In this guide, Lee Zen will walk you through building a serverless GraphQL API using Apollo GraphQL, and GCP Functions with the help of Pulumi."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "In this episode, Lee Zen walks you through building a serverless GraphQL API using Apollo GraphQL and GCP Functions with the help of Pulumi."
```

# set the 'block_external_search_index' flag to true so Google does not index
# the webinar page created.
external: false
block_external_search_index: false

# The url slug for the webinar landing page. If this is an external
# webinar, use the external URL as the value here.
url_slug: "getting-started-gcp-serverless-graphql"

# The content of the hero section.
hero:
    # The title text in the hero. This also serves as the pages H1.
    title: "Getting Started with Serverless GraphQL on GCP"
    # The image the appears on the right hand side of the hero.
    image: "/icons/containers.svg"

# Content for the left hand side section of the page.
main:
    # Webinar title.
    title: "Getting Started with Serverless GraphQL on GCP"
    # URL for embedding a URL for ungated webinars.
    youtube_url: "https://www.youtube.com/embed/mU5_aclyQR8"
    # Sortable date. The datetime Hugo will use to sort the webinars in date order.
    sortable_date: 2020-05-19T10:00:00-07:00
    # Duration of the webinar.
    duration: "10 minutes"
    # Datetime of the webinar.
    datetime: "MAY 19, 2020"
    # Description of the webinar.
    description: |

>         In today's episode, we are building a serverless GraphQL API using Apollo GraphQL, Google Cloud Functions, and Pulumi. Code for this episode available [here](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumitv/tree/master/modern-infrastructure-wednesday/2020-05-20).

Reviewer: Any reason not to have this first sentence not be the same as the `meta_desc`?

```suggestion
        In this episode, Lee Zen walks you through building a serverless GraphQL API using Apollo GraphQL and GCP Functions with the help of Pulumi. The code for this episode is [available on GitHub](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumitv/tree/master/modern-infrastructure-wednesday/2020-05-20).
```

When this is rendered, though, the link doesn't show up, because the text isn't contained in a `<p>` tag:

<img width="1172" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/274700/93390920-4c8bde00-f823-11ea-92cc-2c1874426a94.png">

We should probably fix this.

Author: No reason, I used the YouTube Description here but I'll fix it up to match the meta description.
